Don't touch my daughter
This dog is fierce
It bites.
Are you afraid of wool?
This dog doesn't bite at all
bluff for me
You two losers
Don't look a little abnormal
Look at him so fierce
And he was drooling.
Is he a mad dog?
If he bites
That's awesome. Bake cold noodles? No
So brave today
Stay away from him
Didn't you hear them?
He has rabies
He doesn't have mad blood
He's been vaccinated like never before
But they just said
Auntie, didn't you see it?
He was pretending just now
You are a dog and I am so smart
Oops, hurry up
Those guys will be back
daughter
What does this have to do with us?
Those people are not easy to mess with at first glance
We have to go out and hide
Okay, stop talking
Let's go, let's go, walk home
Run yearning for that run